chore: sample apps with js sdk (#42)
rudderlabs/rudder-typer: examples/js-npm-typescript/README.md

# Web app with Javascript NPM package

> This is a basic web application written in TypeScript that uses RudderTyper client library along with JS npm package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a basic web application written in TypeScript that uses RudderTyper client library along with the JS SDK NPM package.
```

## Prerequisite(If you want to use your tracking plan)

1. You have setup the tracking plan from the dashboard.
2. Generated PAT from dashboard settings.
3. Did the authentication step using PAT and email to generate ruddertyper.yml and plan.json file in the root level of the repo.
4. Move ruddertyper.yml file from root level to examples/js-npm-typescript this folder.
5. Replace the plan.json in js-npm-typescript/src/analytics with the one you generated.
6. Delete `index.ts` and `rudder.ts` inside analytics folder.
7. Run the command `npx rudder-typer`
8. New `index.ts` and `rudder.ts` file will be generated.

> 9. Add `import type { RudderAnalytics, RudderAnalyticsPreloader } from '@rudderstack/analytics-js';` this line at the top of rudder.ts and update rudderanalytics interface type to `rudderanalytics: RudderAnalytics | RudderAnalyticsPreloader | undefined;`

Reviewer: Let's remove this whole section. Half of them should be part of the repository setup instructions.

Author: Addressed

> 9. Add `import type { RudderAnalytics, RudderAnalyticsPreloader } from '@rudderstack/analytics-js';` this line at the top of rudder.ts and update rudderanalytics interface type to `rudderanalytics: RudderAnalytics | RudderAnalyticsPreloader | undefined;`

Reviewer: Does the app not build/run without this change?

Author: Correct

## Steps to run the sample app

> 1. From terminal go to project folder.

Reviewer: This step is not required. We should assume the user is already in the project directory.

Author: Addressed

2. Run the command `npm run setup`

> 3. Replace the write-key and dataplane url in src > useRudderAnalytics.ts file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Replace `writeKey` and `dataPlaneUrl` values in `./src/useRudderAnalytics.ts` file.
```

4. Run the command `npm start`. The app will run in development mode.Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
5. Click on the track button to fire event.

![Alt text](app.png?raw=true 'Sample Site')

> ### Development RudderTyper

Reviewer: Can you also add the production method?

Author: Addressed
